updated STYLE.md with notes about Github actions (#1255)
HoTT/HoTT: STYLE.md

  merging (which doesn't always mean making the changes, but a
  discussion must be had and resolved).

- In general, a pull request should not be merged unless the Github
  Actions CI confirms that it builds successfully.  Exceptions to this
  rule sometimes have to be made if the Github Actions configuration
  is broken for some unrelated reason, but in that case it is better
  if the person(s) approving the pull request confirms locally that it
  builds successfully.

  Note also that Github Actions doesn't automatically restart itself
  on a pull request when the master branch changes.  Thus, if other
  pull requests have been merged in the interval since a given pull
  request was first submitted, it may be necessary to rebase that pull
  request against the new master, to make sure before merging it that

>   it won't break the master branch.

Reviewer: We should check to see if GitHub merges the PR with master.  If not, we should do it ourselves, or update the doc here accordingly.

it is outside the core (e.g. in `contrib/`) or should not be exported
for some other reason.

### Github Actions ###

We use [Github Actions][actions] to check that pull requests do not
break anything, and also to automatically update various things (such
as the documentation, proviola, and dependency graph linked on the
[project wiki][wiki]).  Normally you shouldn't need to know anything
about this; Github Actions automatically checks every pull request
made to the central repository.

When you submit a PR to github, Github Actions will start running in
the background. You can see the checks at the bottom by clicking

> `Show all checks` or by clicking the `Checks` tab at the top inbetween

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Show all checks` or by clicking the `Checks` tab at the top in between
```

`Commits` and `Files changed`.

There should be 7 different jobs with the following names. Here is
also a description of what they do.

1. **CI / build (pull_request)** This is the main job. It simply
installs the library and checks that everything compiles with the
recommended version of coq. This takes around ~5m.
2. **CI / build (update dep graphs, yes, yes) (pull_request)** This
builds the dependency graphs which can be viewed on the

> [project wiki][wiki]. This takes around ~12m.

Reviewer 2: Why does it take 12m to make a dependency graph?

Reviewer: Because there's [a separate dependency graph for every constant in the library](http://hott.github.io/HoTT/file-dep-graphs/).  It's currently broken, though, and we should fix that.

3. **CI / build (update quick doc, yes) (pull_request)** This updates
the documentation and takes around ~7m.
4. **CI / build (update html, yes) (pull_request)** This updates the

> proviola documentation. This can take up to ~30m.

Reviewer: Also the coqdoc documentation, I think.

5. **CI / build (validate, yes) (pull_request)** Builds the library

> and then validates it afterwards. Takes around ~5m.

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify how this is different from number 1?  Can it just be combined with 1?

Reviewer: It can be combined with 1, if we want.  The difference is that here we also run coqchk, after running coqc.

6. **CI / build (with submodule coq, yes) (pull_request)** This builds
the library with the recommended version of coq in the submodule, then

>  fastforwards it to the master version of coq to check if it still

Reviewer: What?  This seems wrong.  This job should not fastfoward the module.

Author: OK then I have misunderstood what is being done here.

>  compiles. This takes around ~11m.

Reviewer 2: Is the second half of 6 the same as 7?

Reviewer: The second half of 6 should not exist.  If it does, that's a bug.

Author: What does 6 actually do.

Reviewer: It uses the submodule version of Coq rather than using master from my Launchpad packages
